docs: fix spelling and improve grammar (#245)
antfu/i18n-ally: docs/custom_framework.md

## 🎎 Custom Framework Config

If you are using an i18n framework that does not have built-in support by this extension, or you are using a custom i18n implementation, you can always make this extension support for your framework.

Create file `.vscode/i18n-ally-custom-framework.yml` then copy and paste the configs below.

```yaml
# .vscode/i18n-ally-custom-framework.yml

> # An array of strings which contain Language Ids defined by VS Code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# An array of strings which contain Language Ids defined by VSCode
```

Author: The official website refers to it as "VS Code" 7 times.

Reviewer: emmm..., you are right. Never mind about this, I will replace all the VSCode to VS Code after merging.

# You can check avaliable language ids here: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/overview#_language-id
languageIds:
  - javascript
  - typescript
  - javascriptreact
  - typescriptreact

> # An array of RegExs to find the key usage. **The key should be captured in the first match group**.
> # You should unescape RegEx strings in order to fit in the YAML file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# An array of RegExps to find key usage. **The key should be captured in the first match group**.
# You should unescape RegExp strings in order to fit in the YAML file
```
I am afraid that `RegExs` looks kinda wired. Or maybe it shouldn't be plural? Not sure how others do it.

Author: According to [Wiktionary](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/regex), the plural of "regex" is actually "regexes". Would that look better? It should be plural, technically, since the array can contain more than one.

Reviewer: Ok let's go for it.

Author: Done.

# To help with this, you can use https://www.freeformatter.com/json-escape.html
keyMatchReg:
  # The following example shows how to detect `t("your.i18n.keys")`
  # the `{key}` will be placed by a proper keypath matching regex,
  # you can ignore it and use your own matching rules as well
  - "[^\\w\\d]t\\(['\"`]({key})['\"`]"

# An array of strings containing refactor templates.
# The "$1" will be replaced by the keypath specified.

> # Optionally, uncomment the following two lines to use

Reviewer: I think `Optional` is more like a statement. Maybe we should change the comma to period.

Author: A colon would probably be best. "Optional: uncomment the following two lines to use"

Reviewer: Cool 👍

Author: Updated in latest commit.
